doc: update README to align with the new brand name (#750)
notaryproject/notation: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/notaryproject/notation/badge)](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/notaryproject/notation)

Notation is a CLI project to add signatures as standard items in the OCI registry ecosystem, and to build a set of simple tooling for signing and verifying these signatures. This should be viewed as similar security to checking git commit signatures, although the signatures are generic and can be used for additional purposes. Notation is an implementation of the [Notary Project specifications][notaryproject-specs].

> > **Note** The documentation for installing and using `notation` is available [here](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/). You can also find the Notary Project [README](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/blob/main/README.md) to learn about the overall Notary Project.

Reviewer: Suggest moving `You can find the Notary Project readme` to line 8, not in the note with `installation` note

> > **Note** The documentation for installing and using `notation` is available [here](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/). You can also find the Notary Project [README](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/blob/main/README.md) to learn about the overall Notary Project.

Reviewer 2: Installing guide: `https://notaryproject.dev/docs/installation/` should be mentioned explicitly in the doc and should be as clear as possible. I think it is THE most important information of this README.

## Table of Contents

>   - [Documents](#documents)

Reviewer: Replace it with `[Quick Start](#quick-start)`

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/notaryproject/notation)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/notaryproject/notation/badge)](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/notaryproject/notation)

Notation is a CLI project to add signatures as standard items in the OCI registry ecosystem, and to build a set of simple tooling for signing and verifying these signatures. This should be viewed as similar security to checking git commit signatures, although the signatures are generic and can be used for additional purposes. Notation is an implementation of the [Notary Project specifications][notaryproject-specs].

You can find the Notary Project [README](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/blob/main/README.md) to learn about the overall Notary Project.

> > **Note** The documentation for installing Notation CLI is available [here](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/installation/cli/).

Author: Resolved

Notation is a CLI project to add signatures as standard items in the OCI registry ecosystem, and to build a set of simple tooling for signing and verifying these signatures. This should be viewed as similar security to checking git commit signatures, although the signatures are generic and can be used for additional purposes. Notation is an implementation of the [Notary Project specifications][notaryproject-specs].

You can find the Notary Project [README](https://github.com/notaryproject/.github/blob/main/README.md) to learn about the overall Notary Project.

> [!NOTE]
> The documentation for installing Notation CLI is available [here](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/installation/cli/).

## Table of Contents

  - [Quick Start](#quick-start)
  - [Community](#community)
    - [Development and Contributing](#development-and-contributing)
    - [Notary Project Community Meeting](#notary-project-community-meeting)
  - [Release Management](#release-management)
  - [Support](#support)
  - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
  - [License](#license)

## Quick Start

- [Quick start: Sign and validate a container image](https://notaryproject.dev/docs/quickstart/)

> - [Try Notation on an online playground](https://killercoda.com/notaryproject/scenario/notation)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Try out Notation in this Killercoda interactive sandbox environment](https://killercoda.com/notaryproject/scenario/notation)
```
